All right so here was a fun one.
This was another one of the Hey I solved this in five minutes for our company of them problems specifically
for Uber.
So the scenario is you are a new uber user and you have a $20 off your first ride and you want a ball
hard but not too hard.
Basically you have five options.
You can order racks and racks it plus were black and uber SUV.
So essentially we have $20 and we want to know with the length of the ride and with these ride numbers
here are with these and the fares here what is the largest What is with the fares being passed in what
is the highest value that we can we can sort of ball on and not not have to pay any money out of pocket.
So it's.
And then just return that specific ride.
That's basically it.
I don't really have any hints for you.
This is just sort of a math and algorithm type one.
The only thing keep in mind is that fares go from largest to smallest smallest to largest as you could
see them.
So these are in order.
You were Access Point three Lubeck Zale point five Cedric's center SUV being the last one.
All right.
So the way that I solved this one was I created a ride's constant.
And and in here what we're going to do is we're going to decrement backwards until we meet our wind
condition our return condition and that in fact is the the the first value where it's less than or equal
to $20.
When we multiply the fair times the length of the ride because that's what determines the money.
The total cost less critical for and recall this rides and this is going to be a string array.
And here we're going to have Uber X that we're going to have.
So then we're going to have reflux
who were plus then we're going to have uber black.
I you know it's been so long since I've taken a nuber I didn't even know that these were all options.
And then the SUV I thought there is like to like the low budget uber inexpensive are neither here nor
there.
So we're going to iterate backwards because we want the very first value that hits to and this algorithm
and return that value.
So instead of us having to reverse the array there's no reason to do that we take fares length to initialize
up eye I going minus one because we're checking index values right.
And so while I is greater than or equal to zero.
We want to discriminate by one.
So all we have to do here now is do a little bit of math and say if our current fare fares I
times the length is less than or equal to $20 was trying to wall hard not too hard to remember where
did it turn the rides of.
Because those are the ones which will get uber Xcel.
Everybody's happy.
Pretty much it at the end of day the only thing you have to sort of keep in mind is you know we haven't
decremented too many for loops is something new to you and you know so many people get stuck in like
I only can go one direction at a time.
No we can we can customize our For loops here.
And then just really understand what the problem is asking.